Welcome to the IoT Robotics V2 system
A revolutionary platform transforming semiconductor manufacturing
with deterministic control, achieving sub-millisecond latency
through advanced TSN and PTP synchronization
Our multi-tier architecture seamlessly integrates
edge computing, real-time control, and cloud analytics
Watch as data flows from sensors through our edge gateway
processed with deterministic timing guarantees
enabling precise robot control in cleanroom environments
Observe our 6-DOF robotic arm executing
precise pick-and-place operations
The system maintains deterministic control loops
with time budgets enforced at every step
Notice the real-time telemetry displaying
joint positions, velocities, and torque measurements
Native SEMI integration enables seamless communication
with fab equipment
Watch the GEM/SECS message flow
as we send S2F41 host commands
and receive S6F11 event reports
Our EDA implementation collects trace data
at 10-millisecond resolution
ensuring complete visibility into equipment state
Our Bayesian LSTM model predicts
remaining useful life with calibrated uncertainty
Watch as vibration data is analyzed in real-time
extracting physics-informed features
The conformal prediction provides
guaranteed coverage intervals
essential for maintenance scheduling
Continuous monitoring ensures ISO Class 5 compliance
Real-time particle counting, airflow velocity
humidity, and temperature are tracked
against configurable policies
Any deviation triggers immediate alerts
and automated responses
Deploy with confidence using our
Kubernetes-ready architecture
Blue-green deployments ensure zero downtime
Comprehensive observability through
Prometheus and Grafana
provides insights into system performance
All communications secured with mutual TLS
The IoT Robotics V2 system delivers
the performance, reliability, and compliance
required for modern semiconductor manufacturing
Experience the future of industrial automation
today
Visit our live demo to explore
all features in action
Thank you for watching
NOTE ::
-  = Green color for metrics
-  = Blue color for technical terms
-  = White color for commands
-  = Orange color for alerts
-  = Voice label for AI narrator